Change documentation links to ansys open documentation (#259)
ansys/pydynamicreporting: doc/source/lowlevelapi/DataItemObject.rst

for a table by setting same-named keys in the dictionary. The properties
are documented in the item properties section at `this`_ page.

> .. _this: https://ansysproducthelpqa.win.ansys.com/public/account/secured?returnurl=Views/Secured/corp/v252/en/adr_ug/adr_ug_data_item_table.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _this: https://ansyshelp.ansys.com/public/account/secured?returnurl=Views/Secured/corp/v252/en/adr_ug/adr_ug_data_item_table.html

```

for a table by setting same-named keys in the dictionary. The properties

> are documented in the item properties section at `this`_ page.

Reviewer 2: The Google developer style guide (and the Microsoft Technical Manual of Style) both says that references should use the title of the page or topic to which the link takes you and if its external to the active document the new document should be referenced, as was done later: "The query string follows the same structure as the queries described in
`Query Expressions <https://ansyshelp.ansys.com/public/account/secured?returnurl=Views/Secured/corp/v252/en/adr_ug/adr_ug_query_expressions.html>`_
`Query Expressions`_ in the documentation for Ansys Dynamic Reporting. I tried to use this link to see the page or topic name but received a 404 error.

Author: Thanks for the indication. Addressed it in multiple places.

> A short-cut APIs exists for a common case:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A shortcut API exists for a common case:

```

Author: Done
